README.md, before:

# proxyc

`proxyc` is a rust proxy chaining command line tool.

Simply prepend your commands with this utility, define a list of SOCKS, HTTP or
raw proxies you wish to use and watch all the network traffic be automatically
relayed through each proxies. This kind of tool is very useful during internal
penetration tests in order to bounce

This program hooks the libc network functions by injecting a shared library via
LD_PRELOAD. It is heavily inspired by https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng.

> **WARNINGS**:
> I am writing and building this project in order to learn Rust, bugs and
> issues are expected to occur. Should you want to use a more mature proxy
> chaining tool, consider using [one](https://github.com/haad/proxychains)
> of the [popular](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) choices.
>
> Since this projects relies on hooking function calls via LD_PRELOAD, it will
> only work with dynamically linked programs.

## Installation

### Source

This project requires the rust tool chain in order to be compiled, see the
[rust website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) for more information.
Run the following commands to build and install the project.

```bash
$ make
$ sudo make install
```

For development purposes, run `cargo build` at the root of the repository to create development
binaries and libs. Debug builds of `proxyc` will inject the library located under
`target/debug`.

### Arch Linux

TODO

## Usage

```
$ proxyc curl "https://ipinfo.io/what-is-my-ip"
```

`proxyc` searches for a valid configuration file in the following paths:

```
- ./proxyc.toml
- ~/proxyc.toml
- /etc/proxyc/proxyc.toml
```

However, all the configuration options can be specified as command line
arguments. For instance, the list of proxies can be expressed in such a way:

```
$ proxyc --proxy "socks5://127.0.0.1:1080" --proxy "socks4://127.0.0.1:1081" smbclient.py 'test.local/user:pass@SHARE'
# or comma separated
$ proxyc -p "socks5://127.0.0.1:1080,socks4://127.0.0.1:1081" smbclient.py 'test.local/user:pass@SHARE'
```

## Sample configuration

```toml
# defines the verbosity: off, trace, debug, info, warn of error
log_level = "debug"

# connect calls matching this range won't be proxied.
#[[ignore_subnets]]
#cidr = "128.0.0.0/24"

# whether dns should be proxied or not.
proxy_dns = true

# if the proxified application issues a DNS request, we return an IP address
# from this range.
#dns_subnet = 224

# list of available proxies
proxy = [
	"socks5://127.0.0.1:1080",
]

# how the list of proxies should be treated.
# strict: connect successively through each proxies (default).
# dynamic: not implemented.
# random:  not implemented.
chain_type = "strict"

# examples with more options
# available protocols: raw, http, https, socks4, socks5
#proxy = [
#  "socks4://1.2.3.4:4242",
#  "socks5://user:pass@1.1.1.1:1081",
#  "http://1.1.1.1:80",
#  "raw://1.1.1.1:80",
#]

# alternate way of defining a list of proxies
#[[proxy]]
#type = "socks5"
#ip = "127.0.0.1"
#port = 1080
#auth = { UserPassword = { 0 = "username", 1 = "password" } }
```

Commit message:

doc: add connect and read timeout

README.md, after:

# proxyc

`proxyc` is a rust proxy chaining command line tool.

Simply prepend your commands with this utility, define a list of SOCKS, HTTP or
raw proxies you wish to use and watch all the network traffic be automatically
relayed through each proxies. This kind of tool is very useful during internal
penetration tests in order to bounce

This program hooks the libc network functions by injecting a shared library via
LD_PRELOAD. It is heavily inspired by https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng.

> **WARNINGS**:
> I am writing and building this project in order to learn Rust, bugs and
> issues are expected to occur. Should you want to use a more mature proxy
> chaining tool, consider using [one](https://github.com/haad/proxychains)
> of the [popular](https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng) choices.
>
> Since this projects relies on hooking function calls via LD_PRELOAD, it will
> only work with dynamically linked programs.

## Installation

### Source

This project requires the rust tool chain in order to be compiled, see the
[rust website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) for more information.
Run the following commands to build and install the project.

```bash
$ make
$ sudo make install
```

For development purposes, run `cargo build` at the root of the repository to create development
binaries and libs. Debug builds of `proxyc` will inject the library located under
`target/debug`.

### Arch Linux

TODO

## Usage

```
$ proxyc curl "https://ipinfo.io/what-is-my-ip"
```

`proxyc` searches for a valid configuration file in the following paths:

```
- ./proxyc.toml
- ~/proxyc.toml
- /etc/proxyc/proxyc.toml
```

However, all the configuration options can be specified as command line
arguments. For instance, the list of proxies can be expressed in such a way:

```
$ proxyc --proxy "socks5://127.0.0.1:1080" --proxy "socks4://127.0.0.1:1081" smbclient.py 'test.local/user:pass@SHARE'
# or comma separated
$ proxyc -p "socks5://127.0.0.1:1080,socks4://127.0.0.1:1081" smbclient.py 'test.local/user:pass@SHARE'
```

## Sample configuration

```toml
# defines the verbosity: off, trace, debug, info, warn of error
log_level = "debug"

# connect calls matching this range won't be proxied.
#[[ignore_subnets]]
#cidr = "128.0.0.0/24"

# whether dns should be proxied or not.
proxy_dns = true

# if the proxified application issues a DNS request, we return an IP address
# from this range.
#dns_subnet = 224

# list of available proxies
proxy = [
	"socks5://127.0.0.1:1080",
]

# how the list of proxies should be treated.
# strict: connect successively through each proxies (default).
# dynamic: not implemented.
# random:  not implemented.
chain_type = "strict"

# connect and read timeout in milliseconds.
# tcp_connect_timeout = 8000
# tcp_read_timeout = 15000

# examples with more options
# available protocols: raw, http, https, socks4, socks5
#proxy = [
#  "socks4://1.2.3.4:4242",
#  "socks5://user:pass@1.1.1.1:1081",
#  "http://1.1.1.1:80",
#  "raw://1.1.1.1:80",
#]

# alternate way of defining a list of proxies
#[[proxy]]
#type = "socks5"
#ip = "127.0.0.1"
#port = 1080
#auth = { UserPassword = { 0 = "username", 1 = "password" } }
```
